CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Development Environment

Getting setup is easy, you'll need to have [node.js](https://nodejs.org/) installed,
then simply clone the repository and within the working directory run the following:

```
# You only need to run this the first time
sudo npm install -g yarn
yarn install

# Run this to start the development server and build system
npm run dev
```

If you're on linux, you can simply type `make` and it will do all this for you as well.

Once running, you can then navigate to [http://dev.beta.online-go.com:8080/](http://dev.beta.online-go.com:8080/)
which loads the interface from your local server that you just started with gulp, and 
connects to the beta server for testing.

## Getting Started
* Sign up for a [GitHub account](https://github.com/signup/free).
* Search the [issue tracker](https://github.com/online-go/online-go.com/issues) to see if the problem is already submitted or the requrest for an enhancement exists.
* Submit an issue if one does not exist.  Please include as much of the below information as possible:
  * A clear summary.
  * Operating System tested on.
  * Browser used when bug appeared (or multiple browsers if you have replicated the bug.)
  * Browser version.
  * Steps to reproduce the issue.
  * Any additional information that you might think is useful.

## How to Make Changes
1. [Fork the repository](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/).
    * If you haven't done so, [set up git](https://help.github.com/articles/set-up-git/).
2. Clone the repository to your computer. (Found in step 2 of "keeping your fork synced" in the fork a repo help article.)
    * To ensure you track the latest updates, you will want to configure git to sync your fork with the original online-go repository. (See step 3 in the same article.)
3. [Create a branch](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-and-deleting-branches-within-your-repository/) on your local machine. Name it something that makes sense for your updates.
    * This could also be done from the [git bash command line](https://github.com/Kunena/Kunena-Forum/wiki/Create-a-new-branch-with-git-and-manage-branches).
    * If you used the first method, you will need to ensure you [pull down your project's remote branches](https://stackify.com/git-checkout-remote-branch/).
4. Make the desired changes in the code or documentation.
5. [Add, commit, and push](https://help.github.com/articles/adding-a-file-to-a-repository-using-the-command-line/) your changes to your forked repository.

## How to Submit Changes
1. Navigate to the branch you created in your forked repository on github.
2. Select [`New Pull Request`](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request/).
3. Write an appropriate title and comment for the proposed updates.
4. Create the pull request.

## Technologies Utilized
This project is largely built with Typescript and React. If you are unfamiliar with these, please take a few minutes to familiarize yourself.
* [React](https://reactjs.org/)
* [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)

Commit message:

How to point at the beta joseki explorer server

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Development Environment

Getting setup is easy, you'll need to have [node.js](https://nodejs.org/) installed,
then simply clone the repository and within the working directory run the following:

```
# You only need to run this the first time
sudo npm install -g yarn
yarn install

# Run this to start the development server and build system
npm run dev
```

If you're on linux, you can simply type `make` and it will do all this for you as well.

Once running, you can then navigate to [http://dev.beta.online-go.com:8080/](http://dev.beta.online-go.com:8080/)
which loads the interface from your local server that you just started with gulp, and
connects to the beta server for testing.

If you want to work on Joseki Explorer front-end code, you also need to point to the beta Joseki Explorer server.

Do this by executing `data.set("joseki-url", "https:beta.online-go.com/godojo/")` in the javascript console of your browser,
after confirming that the dev server loaded as above.

## Getting Started
* Sign up for a [GitHub account](https://github.com/signup/free).
* Search the [issue tracker](https://github.com/online-go/online-go.com/issues) to see if the problem is already submitted or the requrest for an enhancement exists.
* Submit an issue if one does not exist.  Please include as much of the below information as possible:
  * A clear summary.
  * Operating System tested on.
  * Browser used when bug appeared (or multiple browsers if you have replicated the bug.)
  * Browser version.
  * Steps to reproduce the issue.
  * Any additional information that you might think is useful.

## How to Make Changes
1. [Fork the repository](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/).
    * If you haven't done so, [set up git](https://help.github.com/articles/set-up-git/).
2. Clone the repository to your computer. (Found in step 2 of "keeping your fork synced" in the fork a repo help article.)
    * To ensure you track the latest updates, you will want to configure git to sync your fork with the original online-go repository. (See step 3 in the same article.)
3. [Create a branch](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-and-deleting-branches-within-your-repository/) on your local machine. Name it something that makes sense for your updates.
    * This could also be done from the [git bash command line](https://github.com/Kunena/Kunena-Forum/wiki/Create-a-new-branch-with-git-and-manage-branches).
    * If you used the first method, you will need to ensure you [pull down your project's remote branches](https://stackify.com/git-checkout-remote-branch/).
4. Make the desired changes in the code or documentation.
5. [Add, commit, and push](https://help.github.com/articles/adding-a-file-to-a-repository-using-the-command-line/) your changes to your forked repository.

## How to Submit Changes
1. Navigate to the branch you created in your forked repository on github.
2. Select [`New Pull Request`](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request/).
3. Write an appropriate title and comment for the proposed updates.
4. Create the pull request.

## Technologies Utilized
This project is largely built with Typescript and React. If you are unfamiliar with these, please take a few minutes to familiarize yourself.
* [React](https://reactjs.org/)
* [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
