README.md, before:

[![Run Status](https://github.com/online-go/online-go.com/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/online-go/online-go.com/actions)
[![License: AGPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-AGPL%20v3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0)
[![website](https://img.shields.io/website-up-down-green-red/http/online-go.com/.svg?label=online-go)](https://online-go.com/)

# Online-Go.com source code

This repository contains the source code for web client used by [Online-Go.com](https://online-go.com).

# Contributing
Feel like making some changes? Excellent! See the [Contributing guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

# Bugs, Suggestions, and Discussions

Online-Go.com has a very active community of Go players, however only a
relatively small portion of the community actively develops the code base and
regularly visits this github page and the issue tracker. As such:

* https://forums.online-go.com should be used to discuss any proposed functional changes or any new notable features, allowing non developers to chime in with their thoughts and ideas.
* The [github issue tracker](https://github.com/online-go/online-go.com/issues) should be used to track all bugs, minor "obvious" enhancements, and accepted major enhancements. Any enhancements (and ideally bugs) posted need to be articulated in a way that it is obvious what needs to be done, partial thoughts will be closed and should be moved back to the forums for further discussion.

# Utilizing the Website
Online-go provides several resources that allows you to interact with the project to create your own. These resources help to get you started.
* https://online-go.com/developer to access documentation.
* https://github.com/online-go/online-go.com/wiki to get started and how to use the website.
* https://ogs.docs.apiary.io/# for API documentation.
* https://ogs.readme.io/docs/real-time-api for real time API documentation
* https://online-go.com/oauth2/applications/ OAuth2 Application Manager (you must be signed into an account on OGS.)

# Social Media
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/onlinegoserver.svg?style=social&label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/onlinegoserver?lang=en)

Commit message:

Add note about linking your github account to get free supporter status for contributing code

README.md, after:

[![Run Status](https://github.com/online-go/online-go.com/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/online-go/online-go.com/actions)
[![License: AGPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-AGPL%20v3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0)
[![website](https://img.shields.io/website-up-down-green-red/http/online-go.com/.svg?label=online-go)](https://online-go.com/)

# Online-Go.com source code

This repository contains the source code for web client used by [Online-Go.com](https://online-go.com).

# Contributing
Feel like making some changes? Excellent! See the [Contributing guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

As a small token of appreciation for to those that help us out with code, if
you link your github account to your OGS user here:
https://online-go.com/settings/account you'll receive top tier supporter status
for three months after your most recent commit that gets merged.

# Bugs, Suggestions, and Discussions

Online-Go.com has a very active community of Go players, however only a
relatively small portion of the community actively develops the code base and
regularly visits this github page and the issue tracker. As such:

* https://forums.online-go.com should be used to discuss any proposed functional changes or any new notable features, allowing non developers to chime in with their thoughts and ideas.
* The [github issue tracker](https://github.com/online-go/online-go.com/issues) should be used to track all bugs, minor "obvious" enhancements, and accepted major enhancements. Any enhancements (and ideally bugs) posted need to be articulated in a way that it is obvious what needs to be done, partial thoughts will be closed and should be moved back to the forums for further discussion.

# Utilizing the Website
Online-go provides several resources that allows you to interact with the project to create your own. These resources help to get you started.
* https://online-go.com/developer to access documentation.
* https://github.com/online-go/online-go.com/wiki to get started and how to use the website.
* https://ogs.docs.apiary.io/# for API documentation.
* https://ogs.readme.io/docs/real-time-api for real time API documentation
* https://online-go.com/oauth2/applications/ OAuth2 Application Manager (you must be signed into an account on OGS.)

# Social Media
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/onlinegoserver.svg?style=social&label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/onlinegoserver?lang=en)
